(New Contact)
(Kkong)
Did you ever think Jin Jin was pretty?
What are you talking about?
I've known her since we were snotty kids.
- You give it to her. - You give it to her.
She'll like it more if you give it to her.
The more she appreciates it, the more meaningful the gift will be.
Coffee, tea, cookies, and dessert.
I guess this was your plan.
Sa Jin Jin.
I didn't get to go to the hospital.
Yes, Ah Reum and Young Shim. We're the Four Bongos.
We rode the same van.
I see. I'm envious.
Chul Min.
Are you okay? What's wrong with you?
- Let's go to a hospital. - I'm fine.
You're not okay. You need to go to a hospital.
What a nuisance.
Why are you here?
Why did you come here?
Okay.
Will you stay the night?
You said you had a shoot.
How did you get here?
Why did you come all the way to Hong Kong?
Ji Won.
I'm fine now that I saw you.
Suffer all you want.
Once you do that,
you'll feel better.
Next time, I'll pray for you that...
it won't hurt as much.
I ran over to see Chul Min...
just like how he did for me once.
But I wasn't able to...
tell him to suffer all he wanted.
I'm the one who made him suffer,
and I was very aware of how he felt.
But...
I couldn't say the same thing to him.
(The 12th story: I Love You, I'm Sorry, Thank You)
(Episode 23)
I can't believe I'm eating breakfast.
Please take your medicine afterwards.
You're nagging too? You must be getting old.
We aren't that many years apart.
You should look after yourself too.
Look at me. Just a little more work...
was enough to make me sick.
I guess having more work isn't always good.
You should be the one taking tonics.
- It's for you. - Just eat your food.
You're living a decent life. You even have soup at home.
It's from Jin Jin's mom.
I met her while visiting your place,
and she gave yours to me.
That's great. You love ox bone soup.
- Ji Won. - What?
This ox bone soup...
must be very special.
I keep thinking of it.
It felt as if it was warming me up from the inside.
I kept wanting more.
It was meant for you.
I was eating what was yours.
But it was so good.
If I was able to...
If I got the chance to do so,
I wanted to have some more.
Ji Won.
I think...
I need some time.
(Intercom)
Come have breakfast.
I'm not hungry. I had breakfast.
Did you? Mom cooked something special for you.
Is he not going to come over?
Put me on.
Ji Won, why don't you want to come over?
- Are you sick? - No, I'll come right up.
One would think you're their son-in-law.
- This is for you, Ji Won. - Thank you.
She's so worried that...
you look so thin and frail.
- You shouldn't have to worry. - I know.
I waste my time worrying about things.
You look so cheery and bright today.
Honey, don't you think Ji Won looks great today?
Does he?
Look at him carefully.
He looks as if someone ironed his face out.
- Maybe. - Come on.
Men are useless, both kids and adults.
Their eyes are just accessories.
Ji Won.
Did something good happen?
No.
Has there been any changes...
to yourself or your private life?
No, no.
Why? Is there still no one special in your life?
What do you know? Let the adults talk.
Why are you getting involved, then?
- Min Ho, let's eat in peace. - It's always me.
If I ever succeed, I won't be giving you a single penny.
I don't want anything from you.
- Please just succeed. - Mom.
I'm a late bloomer. I'm biding my time.
You never know when I'll hit big. Who knows what'll happen?
I'm glad you said that.
Did you hear that?
Ji Won, you never know what'll happen.
That's why you must cherish whatever relationship you have right now.
Yes, you're right.
Do you want me to take you to work?
No.
Why not?
Come pick me up later.
- Tonight? - Yes.
What time?
7pm?
Then I'll be there until 6:50pm.
No way. I can't keep you waiting.
Okay.
See you later.
Okay. You should go.
I want to see you leave.
You should go first.
Okay, bye.
(Apartment 1401, Sa Jin Jin, Apartment 1301, Gong Ji Won)
So Gong Ji Won is my dear Anthony's little brother.
Make sure you keep your smile for the chief producer, okay?
Okay.
Don't just say that.
You have such a nice smile. Why do you never smile for business?
I got it.
- You have to smile like that. - Fine.
Hey, Anthony.
Have you been well?
It looked like you're happily married.
You must be on your way to see the chief producer.
He's been getting positive attention, right?
Yes, thanks to you.
Come on. I didn't do anything.
- Are you going there for a meeting? - Yes.
Is he jumping into a new project?
Make sure you keep rowing while you still have the water.
And be careful...
not the see the water disappear as quickly as it came in.
Oh, right.
My article was the number one article on portal sites...
thanks to Anthony a while ago. Did you see that?
"Anthony's Job Is to Be Sa Jin Jin's Husband".
I know that it was a bit too much.
But what can I do? I need to make a living too.
If it turns out okay, it's all good in the end.
My article helped him get some attention too.
Enjoy your time.
When "We Got Married" is over, you'll be done being her husband.
Oh, wait. I am supposed to get off on the fifth floor.
The doors are closing.
That darned jerk.
Mom, I'm leaving.
- Jin Jin. - Yes?
What's with the toner?
Did you use something that was expired again?
No, you gave me this not so long ago.
This is cleansing oil. It removes your makeup.
See? It says oil right here.
Why would you use this?
My gosh, my eyes are getting old,
so I can't see that very well.
Then you should be wearing reading glasses.
Go wash your face.
I'm leaving.
Look at her temper.
("Anthony, How Long Will You Stay Only as Old Ladies' Star?")
What did he say this time?
- Nothing. - I can find that myself too.
So what did he say?
"Anthony,"
"How Long Will You Stay Only as Old Ladies' Star?"
This is exactly why you shouldn't mess with Reporter Jeong.
I almost suffocated to death in the elevator.
Why does he hate you so much?
If someone as patient as you reacted like that,
that means he is a son of a dog.
Forget it.
Calm down before you go. Aren't you meeting Yoon Hee's aunt?
Please say hello to her.
Okay.
Yoon Hee's aunt is such a good woman.
It's been ages since my brother passed away,
but she thinks of Yoon Hee in every season,
and she thinks of me too.
Maybe that's why...
I think of her first whenever the times are tough.
- Is something tough for you? - Yes.
Because you never listen to me.
- I've always been like that. - I'm glad you know.
Over there. Drop me off right there.
Okay.
The key money for office 201 is completely gone.
We'll move out your stuff this weekend.
Excuse me, sir.
I mean, you can't just move out our stuff...
I waited for a long time. I can't help you anymore.
Oh, yes.
Yes, I understand.
Jeong Eun.
Hey.
- Have you been well? - Yes.
I'm sorry, Jeong Eun.
I don't have any money on me.
I recently got a new job...
because of mere 200 dollars of a raise per month.
I'm so sorry.
I understand. People don't really have cash on them these days.
All of my money is invested in other places too.
We'll get some money once Chul Min shoots a TV advertisement.
I'm so glad. I hope his career takes off.
I hope "We Got Married" becomes his big break.
Yes.
I'm sorry, Jeong Eun.
Why are you sorry?
This isn't why I brought this up.
Hey, don't be sorry.
[VIU Ver] E23 20th Century Boy & Girl
"I Love You, I'm Sorry, Thank You"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Hey, look who this is. - Hello.
What are the chances?
That must've been fate.
No, no. I usually meet a lot of people there.
Anyway, while you're here, you can take those presents.
We didn't know what to do with those.
Okay.
Anyway.
You have...
a great office.
We first began from a rooftop room too.
We got to this point thanks to Jin Jin's hard work.
Everything is great, but it's not very cost-effective.
Do you know anyone who's looking to rent out an office?
We paid a lot to expand this place, but it's very high-maintenance.
We want someone who can pay just the maintenance fee, no rent.
I can't seem to find anyone.
It'd be great if it's someone in this industry.
Do you know anyone, Ms. Choi?
I'll look around, then.
I'll return the favor...
with a dish of special tuna gimbap.
My husband got into an accident on a motorcycle delivery job.
The insurance company says it's 100 percent his fault.
It'll be difficult to change the ratio.
However, since it happened on his job,
I'll take a look and see if this can pass as an accident on duty.
Yes, thank you.
So...
how much should I pay you?
You can leave.
There's no consultation fee.
I'm so sorry.
- It's all right. - Okay, then.
Thank you so much.
(You Must Pay to Receive a Legal Advice.)
This is Loan Appraisal Department of Seoul Bank.
Mr. Kang Kyung Seok wouldn't pick up his phone.
Is he around?
No.
I can't let this happen. We need to live too.
(You Must Pay to Receive a Legal Advice.)
Did you put up this poster?
Oh, other offices put those up,
so I figured it would be better...
Did anyone ask you to do this?
Do I need to help with your chores too?
Gosh, I'm not asking for too much from you.
You're dropping me off at the shop which happens to be on your way.
And I'm going to tell everyone that you're a really kind person.
Gosh, thanks a lot.
I know you are.
(Kkong)
Isn't it a bit noisy? Why aren't you answering the phone?
Well...
My Jjin!
Stop. Stop it. Dal is with me.
- All right. I'll call you later. - Bye.
- Please open the trunk for me. - All right.
- Gosh, I envy you. - For what?
You have a cute boyfriend.
My Jjin!
I was wondering why you got so pretty.
It's not like that. It's not.
I know I'm right.
I didn't know President Gong could sound so cute.
He was like, "Jjin. Jjin. Jjin!"
Jin Jin, have you guys kissed yet?
Please stop it. Stop.
If you tell me, I won't bring this up again.
All right. Go. It's not going to happen.
I feel so sorry for Anthony.
I like Anthony a tiny bit better.
Gosh, he'd be so hurt.
Why would he be hurt because of an unimportant person like me?
You're not unimportant.
Everyone is in front of him.
- Gosh. - You should go.
Bye.
Let's go on a date tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
All right.
(- Let's go on a date tomorrow. - Tomorrow? All right.)
Yes?
- Did you just get here? - Yes.
Young Shim and Ah Reum are already there.
Should we go in separately?
It's just them.
But they don't know yet.
How do you think they'll react when they find out?
If they find out?
- Oh my goodness! - Oh my goodness!
- Sa Jin Jin! - Gong Ji Won!
- Congratulations! - Congratulations!
- Did you expect us to say that? - We knew it already.
How?
It wasn't me.
- We don't need you to tell us. - No.
- We can practically hear it. - Yes.
But don't you think this is getting too serious even for playing house?
We'll have to wait and see to find out if they're playing house.
Are you going to get married?
What are you saying? We said we weren't getting married.
But we didn't carve that as a part of...
the Code of Hammurabi or something.
Well... There could be exceptions.
And when the occasion demands, we could make it flexible.
It's how it goes.
- What? - What?
I mean... I'm just saying.
What's your deal?
What's your deal, Han Ah Reum?
Hey, so the thing is...
What do you think...
of Jung Woo Sung?
- Jung Woo Sung? - Jung Woo Sung?
Do you think you can kiss him?
You said you realized within a second that he's not your type.
I did then.
Oh gosh, I can't take my eyes off of her lips.
Are you going out with him?
Well, it's not like I'm dating him but...
Wait a moment.
- This is unbelievable. - Gosh.
Reum, it's our first date tomorrow.
Don't drink too much, all right? Go easy on yourself.
(Jung Woo Sung)
I want to eat pork belly,
shoulder, neck, and cheek meat.
I'm going on my first date with him tomorrow.
- Gosh! - Oh, my!
- Gosh, congratulations. - Let's have a drink.
- Congratulations. - Cheers.
Oh, my!
What's wrong?
It's just...
a little awkward.
Aren't you?
A little.
Gosh, I can't stay here any longer.
Let's meet again when we're ready to see you like that.
- Good luck on your first date. - Thanks.
You guys have a good time.
- Oh my goodness! - Oh my goodness!
Gosh.
- Shall we go? - Yes.
(Episode 24 will air shortly.)